how old will when we first start singing
together 12
and still we get nowhere
what you need is a brick and i'm here to
give it to you you swear
if i'm lying i'm dying one two three
four hundred dollars a week to sing
behind mr jimmy early on the road
starting tomorrow morning
thank you so much you're saving jimmy's
life i'm at your feet i'll do anything
for y'all
exactly what would you like jimmy to do
for you baby
[Music]
[Applause]
miracles happen all the there's gotta be
time better way for us to get
our music with our artists into a
broader audience
y'all gonna stay here and open your own
act did you say our own app
dean is going to see him lead what do
you mean i always sing lead
[Music]
change i'm talking change
i promised you i was going to make you
all right
[Music]
you can't have it a little baby
i don't
[Music]
can't you see the time is now
you